Documentation for dev and copilo (#4384)
db-ux-design-system/core-web: packages/foundations/agent/css/Variables.md

```css
.my-component {
	inline-size: var(--db-sizing-md); /* Use sizing for fixed widths */
	block-size: var(--db-sizing-lg); /* Use sizing for fixed heights */
	padding: var(--db-spacing-fixed-sm); /* Use fixed spacing for paddings */
	margin: var(
		--db-spacing-responsive-md
	); /* Use responsive spacing for margins */
	border-radius: var(--db-border-radius-md); /* Use border radius */
	transition-duration: var(
		--db-transition-duration-medium
	); /* Use transition duration */
	border-width: var(--db-border-width-md); /* Use border width */
}
```

## CSS Variables List

Use sizing's for fixed heights/widths e.g. the db-button has always a fixed height

- `--db-sizing-3xs`
- `--db-sizing-2xs`
- `--db-sizing-xs`
- `--db-sizing-sm`
- `--db-sizing-md`
- `--db-sizing-lg`
- `--db-sizing-xl`
- `--db-sizing-2xl`
- `--db-sizing-3xl`

Use fixed spacings for all kind of distances (margin, padding, ...)

- `--db-spacing-fixed-3xs`
- `--db-spacing-fixed-2xs`
- `--db-spacing-fixed-xs`
- `--db-spacing-fixed-sm`
- `--db-spacing-fixed-md`
- `--db-spacing-fixed-lg`
- `--db-spacing-fixed-xl`
- `--db-spacing-fixed-2xl`
- `--db-spacing-fixed-3xl`

> The primary use case for responsive spacings are paddings/gaps in an application e.g. the <main> should have a responsive padding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Responsive spacings are primarily used for paddings and gaps in an application. For example, the <main> HTML element should have responsive padding.
```

- `--db-border-width-lg`
- `--db-border-width-xl`
- `--db-border-width-2xl`
- `--db-border-width-3xl`
- `--db-border-radius-3xs`
- `--db-border-radius-2xs`
- `--db-border-radius-xs`
- `--db-border-radius-sm`
- `--db-border-radius-md`
- `--db-border-radius-lg`
- `--db-border-radius-xl`
- `--db-border-radius-2xl`
- `--db-border-radius-3xl`
- `--db-border-radius-full`

Opacity

- `--db-opacity-3xs`
- `--db-opacity-2xs`
- `--db-opacity-xs`
- `--db-opacity-sm`
- `--db-opacity-md`
- `--db-opacity-lg`
- `--db-opacity-xl`
- `--db-opacity-2xl`
- `--db-opacity-3xl`
- `--db-opacity-full`

Transitions

- `--db-transition-duration-extra-slow`
- `--db-transition-duration-slow`
- `--db-transition-duration-medium`
- `--db-transition-duration-fast`
- `--db-transition-duration-extra-fast`
- `--db-transition-timing-emotional`
- `--db-transition-timing-functional`
- `--db-transition-timing-show`
- `--db-transition-timing-hide`
- `--db-transition-straight-emotional`
- `--db-transition-straight-functional`
- `--db-transition-straight-show`
- `--db-transition-straight-hide`

Screen sizes

- `--db-screen-xs`
- `--db-screen-sm`
- `--db-screen-md`
- `--db-screen-lg`
- `--db-screen-xl`

> Container sizes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Container sizes
```
